Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH YU-GI-OH 5D's.
Luna: SO IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR NEXT
OPPONENT IN THE GRAND PRIX IS
TEAM RAGNAROK.
RIGHT, LET'S SEE WHAT WE
CAN PULL UP ON THESE GUYS.
HMM, THERE'S DRAGAN, BRODER
AND THEN THEIR CAPTAIN, HALLDOR.
Akiza: AND TOGETHER THEY'RE
SAID TO BE THE MOST SKILLED
DUEL TEAM
IN THE WORLD.
SO WHAT'S THE PLAN?
TO WIN-- BECAUSE IF WE
DON'T ADVANCE PAST THEM,
WE DON'T MAKE
THE FINALS
AND WE CAN'T
FACE THE THREE EMPERORS.
Announcer: DRAGAN IS OUT.
BUT JACK ATLAS IS
HANGING ON BY A THREAD.
WHEELING IN FOR TEAM RAGNAROK
IS A WARRIOR NAMED BRODER.
Broder: IT'S TIME FOR
THE TITANS TO CLASH
GO THUNDERBOLT BLUDGEON!
(THUNDER CRASH)
(EXPLOSIONS)
Jack: AAARGH!
Announcer: WHOA!
JACK ATLAS HAS
BEEN ELIMINATED.
Crow: JACK, YOU OKAY?
I'M FINE, BUT THOSE
IMPACTS WERE REAL.
SO DON'T DO ANYTHING DUMB.
YEAH, YEAH.
♪
Ty, Dan, Spike, Hillary, Koko:
YOU CAN DO IT, CROW!
HAH, THANKS GUYS.
THOSE LITTLE TIKES ARE
THE REASON YOU'RE IN THIS,
AREN'T THEY?
THEIR HOPE GIVES
YOU STRENGTH.
BUT YOU'RE STILL
NOT STRONG ENOUGH.
YOU CAN'T BE ALLOWED
TO FIGHT ILIASTER.
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON ATTACK
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR
WITH
SHADOW SQUALL BLAST.
(SHATTERING SOUND)
IS THAT THE BEST
THAT YOU CAN DO?
I SYNCHRO SUMMON LOKI,
LORD OF THE AESIR.
THE ULTIMATE TRICKSTER.
Bruno: INCREDIBLE.
Akiza:(BIG GASP)
NOW I'VE GOT
TWO NORDIC GODS!
I'M SORRY, CROW-- BUT I'M GONNA
BURY YOUR BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
(EXPLOSIONS)
(YELLING)
CROW'S GOT 50 LIFE
POINTS LEFT. NO CARDS.
NONE!
AND NOTHING STANDING BETWEEN
HIM AND THE POWER OF THE GODS.
SOMEONE TELL CROW
HE'S DONE FOR!
♪
♪ GOING FAST MAKES
ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL
THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS
I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU
COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME
AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE
IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
(SUSTAINED CHORD FADES)
IT'S ALL OVER, CROW.
YOU CAN FIGHT AND STRUGGLE
ALL YOU WANT,
BUT AGAINST THOR AND LOKI,
IT'S ALL IN VAIN.
AND NOW, YOU'VE GOT NO
MONSTERS ON YOUR FIELD
NO CARDS IN YOUR HAND,
AND ONLY 50 LITTLE LIFE POINTS
STANDING BETWEEN YOU AND DEFEAT.
GO AHEAD AND ADMIT IT,
YOUR WINGS ARE CLIPPED.
TEAM RAGNAROK'S
GOING TO THE FINALS.
WE'RE THE ONES WHO ARE
GONNA TAKE ON ILIASTER.
(GRUNT)
♪
(CROWD CHEERING)
TEAM RAGNAROK IS AMAZING!
SWEET VICTORY IS MINE.
MR. Hayashida: THAT
GUY IS SO FAR OUT.
YOU'RE RADICAL,
BRODER!
Random Man: GO, BRODER,
Random Woman: I LOVE YOU, BRODER
UM, ISN'T IT GONNA MAKE CROW SAD
THAT NO ONE IS ROOTING FOR HIM?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT?
WE'RE STILL HERE, AND
WE'RE STILL ROOTING FOR HIM.
BUT UH,
THERE'S ONLY FIVE OF US.
HE CAN'T EVEN HEAR US.
MM-HMM.
OH.
Dagan: LOOK AT BRODER
TAKING A VICTORY LAP.
Halldor: THIS BATTLE
HASN'T BEEN DECIDED.
HE SHOULDN'T GIVE IN
TO OVERCONFIDENCE.
THIS IS BAD.
Leo: CROW CAN STILL COME
BACK FROM THIS, RIGHT?
HE CAN, RIGHT?
LIFE POINTS LEFT IS
LIFE POINTS LEFT.
THIS DUEL IS NOT
OVER UNTIL IT'S OVER.
YEAH, UM...
NORMALLY, I'D HAVE TO
AGREE WITH YOU, JACK.
BUT FROM WHERE I'M SITTING, THIS
IS LOOKING PRETTY MUCH OVER.
UGH
MAYBE NOT.
IT ALL DEPENDS ON CROW.
ONE WRONG MOVE,
THOUGH, AND HE'S FINISHED.
♪
(ENGINE ROARING)
YOU'RE FINISHED, CROW--
YOU CAN'T TAKE OUT TWO GOD
CARDS IN YOUR STATE.
GO AHEAD
AND SURRENDER.
I DON'T THINK SO.
♪
ALRIGHTY, THEN.
YOU WANNA DRAG YOUR
LOSS OUT A LITTLE? BE MY GUEST.
♪
(ENGINES ROARING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
BRODER! BRODER! BRODER!
♪
KEEP FIGHTING,
CROW!
YOU CAN
WIN THIS, CROW!
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING UP THERE?
GET DOWN,
KID!
LOOK DOWN THERE.
AHHH! AHHHH!
Officer Trudge: GOTCHA.
MC: WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
LOOKS LIKE SOME
ENTHUSIASTIC FAN TRIED TO
CLIMB OVER THE RAILING.
LOOKS LIKE HE'LL
BE OKAY THOUGH.
HOW COULD HE BE SO CARELESS?
AT LEAST HE'S ALL RIGHT.
♪
NOT COOL!
YOU HAVE TO OBEY THE RULES
WHEN YOU'RE WATCHING A MATCH.
WE'RE SO SORRY,
IT'S JUST THAT...
WE WANTED CROW TO HEAR US,
SO WE WANTED TO CALL OUT TO
HIM FROM CLOSER.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO DISTRACT
ANYONE, OFFICER TRUDGE.
(GRUMBLING)
AH, KIDS THESE DAYS.
THOSE KIDS DID
THAT JUST FOR YOU.
I KNOW THEY DID.
AND THAT'S WHY, I'M
GONNA WIN THIS FOR THEM!
(CROWD CHEERING)
BRODER! BRODER! BRODER!
AN ENTIRE ARENA
CHEERING FOR ME,
BUT THOSE KIDS CHEERING FOR
CROW, THAT'S THE REAL DEAL.
Announcer: WHEELING IN
FOR TEAM RAGNAROK
IS A WARRIOR NAMED BRODER.
THIS SNICKERING
UPSTART IS KNOWN
FOR USING TRANSFORMATION CARDS.
Omura: YOU'RE THE BESTEST,
BRODER.
Ibura: WE'RE ALL ROOTING FOR
YOU TO WIN THIS THING.
HUH.
I'M GONNA ACTIVATE
SPEED WORLD 2'S SPECIAL EFFECT.
BY LOWERING MY SPEED
COUNTER BY SEVEN,
I CAN DRAW ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK.
(BEEP)
IT'S ALL OR NOTHING
AT THIS POINT.
I DRAW.
♪
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACE DOWN AND END MY TURN.
ATTACK ME AND FIND
OUT WHAT I'M MADE OF.
(thinking)
INTERESTING-- HE PUT HIS
ENTIRE HAND FACEDOWN.
STILL, HE'S GOT BARELY ANY
POINTS AND NO MONSTERS.
WHATEVER HE'S UP TO
NOW, HE'S JUST STALLING.
I'VE GOT THIS IN THE BAG.
(shouting)
IT'S OVER AND YOU KNOW IT!
IF I DRAW A SPEED SPELL
ON MY NEXT DRAW,
I CAN USE SPEED WORLD 2'S
EFFECT TO SLAM YOU
WITH
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
I'VE GOT YOU CORNERED.
SO THEN STOP TALKING
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE.
LISTEN TO HIM, WITH THE
WAY CROW'S TRASH TALKING.
I'M STARTING TO THINK
HE'S GOT SOMETHING.
I KNOW. BUT IT ALL DEPENDS
ON WHAT BRODER DRAWS NEXT.
PLEASE DON'T BE
A SPEED SPELL,
A SPEED SPELL!
(ENGINE ROARS)
IT'S MY DRAW!
(BEEP)
(MOANING)
MC: LOOK AT THAT!
IT SEEMS BRODER CAME
UP A LITTLE EMPTY.
YOU CAN BREATHE NOW,
BRUNO.
♪
HMPH.
OH, WELL, WHATEVER.
I GUESS I'M JUST GONNA
HAVE TO FINISH YOU
THE OLD-FASHIONED WAY.
(thinking)
I'M GOOD, I'M...
I'M STILL IN THIS.
ALL I GOTTA WORRY ABOUT ARE
THOSE TWO FACEDOWN CARDS OF HIS.
OKAY.
WITH SPEED WORLD 2 ACTIVE,
I CAN LOWER MY SPEED COUNTERS
BY 10
AND ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
THAT'LL DESTROY
ONE OF HIS FACEDOWN CARDS.
AND THEN THERE'S LOKI,
EVEN IF HE ACTIVATES
A TRAP WHEN HE ATTACKS,
LOKI CAN SHUT
THE TRAP DOWN.
BUT WAIT,
CROW KNOWS ALL THIS.
HE'S JUST TRYING TO GET ME TO
SACRIFICE 10 SPEED COUNTERS
SO THAT I'LL BE MORE VULNERABLE
WHEN YUSEI FUDO TAKES OVER.
THAT'S WHAT THOSE
FACEDOWN CARDS ARE ALL ABOUT.
THEY'RE JUST A BLUFF.
THEN AGAIN, WE'RE
AT THE POINT WHERE
SPEED COUNTERS
AREN'T AS CRUCIAL.
SO EVEN THOUGH CROW'S TRYING
TO CRIPPLE ME ON HIS WAY OUT,
ALL HE'S REALLY DOING
IS LEAVING A SCRATCH.
(shouting)
ALL RIGHT, I'LL PLAY
IT YOUR WAY, CROW.
I ACTIVATE SPEED
WORLD 2'S EFFECT.
BY LOWERING
MY SPEED COUNTER BY 10,
I CAN DESTROY ONE CARD
ON YOUR FIELD.
(LASER BLAST)
(GLASS BREAKING)
THE CARNAGE KEEPS
COMING AS BRODER OBLITERATES
ONE OF CROW'S FACEDOWN CARDS!
TIME FOR THE FINAL BLOW.
THIS HAS TOTALLY BEEN
GOOD FUN AND ALL,
BUT NOW LOKI
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY.
SAY GOODBYE,
CROW!
(DISTORTED LAUGHTER)
EHHHH!
(MUSIC INTENSIFYING)
♪
(FIRE BLAZING)
(DISTORTED VOICE LAUGHING)
Broder: NOW LOKI ATTACK.
SOMETHING ISN'T RIGHT.
COME ON.
WE'RE WITH YOU, CROW.
I REVEAL MY TRAP
CARD. BLACK WING.
SINCE YOU SENT
LOKI IN TO ATTACK
I CAN USE BLACK
WING TO STOP IT.
ALL I HAVE TO DO
TO ACTIVATE IT
IS REMOVE A BLACKWING MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY.
YOU PLAYED IT SAFE BY SLAPPING
DOWN TWO OF THE SAME CARD.
BUT UNFORTUNATELY FOR YOU,
YOU FORGOT ABOUT LOKI'S ABILITY.
WHEN LOKI ATTACKS, HE CAN
NEGATE THE ACTIVATION
OF ONE OF YOUR
SPELL OR TRAP CARDS.
AND THEN DESTROY THE CARD.
LOKI'S ATTACK WILL
NOW PROCEED AS SCHEDULED.
IT'S BEDTIME, CROW.
SAY GOODNIGHT.
CROW! YOU CAN DO IT!
AS LONG AS MY
FRIENDS ROOT FOR ME.
I'LL KEEP ON FINDING WAYS
TO COME UP WITH MIRACLES.
YOU'VE GOT A MIRACLE?
SO WHERE IS IT?
RIGHT IN MY GRAVEYARD!
I ACTIVATE BLACKWING CALIMA
THE HAZE'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
(ROARING)
AMAZING, HE TOTALLY BAITED
BRODER WITH AN EMPTY FIELD.
SO HE COULD SPRING A
TRAP FROM HIS GRAVEYARD.
THAT'S AN INCREDIBLE
AMBUSH.
DURING THE BATTLE
PHASE OF YOUR TURN,
WHEN I HAVE NO
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD.
I CAN REMOVE
CALIMA THE HAZE
TO SUMMON ONE SYNCHRO
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
YOU MAY HAVE ME DOWN,
BRODER,
BUT YOU DON'T
HAVE ME OUT JUST YET.
'CAUSE I'M BRINGING TO THE
FIELD-- BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
♪
(ROARING)
VERY WELL PLAYED.
I HAVE TO ADMIT, YOU
ACTUALLY SURPRISED ME THIS TIME.
HOWEVER, BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON HAS 2800 ATTACK POINTS
WHILE LOKI HAS 3300.
THE SITUATION HASN'T CHANGED.
YOU'VE STILL ONLY
GOT 50 LIFE POINTS.
YOU'RE STILL GOING DOWN.
YOU MANAGED TO BUST OUT
A LITTLE SURPRISE,
BUT I'M STILL
ONE STEP AHEAD OF YOU.
APOLOGIZE
TO YOUR LITTLE FAN CLUB,
'CAUSE YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE
RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM.
GO VANITY BLAST.
(LIGHTNING STRIKING)
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO'S
ABOUT TO DISAPPOINT HIS FANS.
I ACTIVATE THE BLACK WING
TRAP CARD FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
YOU'RE PLAYING A TRAP
CARD FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD?
HE CAN DO THAT?
YES.
APPARENTLY, HE CAN.
I KNEW CROW HAD
SOMETHING PLANNED. I KNEW IT.
THIS DUEL JUST KEEPS ON
TWISTING AND TURNING.
I CAN BARELY TAKE IT!
WAIT, THAT'S THE TRAP?
BUT THOSE ARE THE
CARDS I JUST DESTROYED.
THAT'S RIGHT, PAL.
BLACK WING SHOWS
ITS TRUE POTENTIAL
WHEN THERE'S TWO
COPIES IN THE GRAVEYARD.
BY REMOVING THEM BOTH
FROM PLAY,
I GET THE POWER TO DESTROY BOTH
OF OUR SYNCHRO MONSTERS.
BUT THE BEST PART OF
ALL OF THIS IS THAT I CAN
ALSO DISH OUT DAMAGE EQUAL
TO LOKI'S ATTACK POINTS.
NO WAY.
WAY, AND IT'S ALL 'CAUSE
YOU DESTROYED MY TRAPS
WHILE THEY WERE FACEDOWN.
YOU TRICKED ME!
YOU SET UP A TRAP AND
I WALKED RIGHT INTO IT.
INCREDIBLE!
HE ACTUALLY
TURNED THE TABLES.
I'VE BEEN SAYING THIS WHOLE TIME
THAT THERE'S NO NEED TO WORRY.
NO,
YOU HAVEN'T!
IMPRESSIVE,
CROW.
SO THAT'S WHAT
YOU WERE AIMING FOR.
I SO TOTALLY
KNEW HE COULD DO IT.
♪
I TOLD YOU EARLIER TO ATTACK ME
AND FIND OUT WHAT I'M MADE OF!
WELL, THIS IS WHAT
I'M MADE OF, RIGHT HERE!
IT TAKES GUTS TO TAKE ON TWO GOD
CARDS WITH NOTHING IN YOUR HAND.
I KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF--
NOW YOU'RE GONNA FIND OUT
WHAT I'M MADE OF!
YOU GO, BRODER!
WE'RE ALL SO PROUD OF YOU!
THIS ONE'S
FOR THE KIDS.
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD.
DROMI
THE SACRED SHACKLES.
WHEN A GOD IS OUT ON THE
FIELD.
AND ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS LEAVES
THE FIELD DUE TO AN EFFECT,
DROMI HITS YOU
WITH DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THE DIFFERENCE
IN THEIR ATTACK POINTS.
LOKI'S GOT 500 MORE ATTACK
POINTS THAN YOUR DRAGON.
SO YOU GET TO ENJOY A
WHOPPING 500 POINTS OF HURT.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
(DISTORTED VOICE)
(LIGHTNING)
(EXPLOSION)
(GROANING)
SO DOES THIS MEAN THAT--?
YEAH. IT SURE DOES
LOOK LIKE IT,
BECAUSE BOTH EFFECTS
ARE STILL ACTIVE.
SO WE'RE TALKING ABOUT...
MUTUAL
DESTRUCTION.
♪
YOUR LITTLE BUDDIES
GAVE YOU THE STRENGTH
TO FIGHT ON AGAINST ALL ODDS.
JUST LIKE MY LITTLE DUDES
ARE WHAT DRIVE ME FORWARD.
YEAH, WHO KNEW, BRODER?
YOU AND I HAVE
A WHOLE LOT IN COMMON.
♪
LOKI, YOU'LL HAVE
TO GO ON WITHOUT ME.
(LIGHTNING CRACKLING)
(DISTORTED
LAUGHTER)
(ENGINES RACING)
♪
THAT WAS AMAZING.
THE FRENETIC CLASH
OF THE TRICKSTERS HAS ENDED.
AND IN A FINAL SHOCKING
TWIST, IT'S ENDED IN A DRAW.
(CROWD CHEERING)
WHOA, WHAT A RUSH.
YOU'RE
INCREDIBLE, CROW.
YOUR TEAMMATE IS IN FOR
THE DUEL OF HIS LIFE.
HALLDOR'S A TOUGH CUSTOMER.
AND SO IS YUSEI.
MC: THIS IS IT,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
IN THEIR RESPECTIVE PITS,
THE LAST DUELISTS ARE WAITING.
THEY'LL BOTH CRUISE INTO THIS
DUEL WITH 4000 LIFE POINTS.
BUT TEAM RAGNAROK HAS TWO GOD
CARDS SUMMONED ONTO THEIR FIELD.
YUSEI IS FORGING
INTO THIS FRAY
WITH AN OVERWHELMING
DISADVANTAGE.
WELL, YUSEI,
THIS IS DESTINY'S MOMENT.
NOW WHOM WILL SHE FAVOR?
THE FUTURE OF THE WORLD
STRETCHES OUT BEFORE US,
SHROUDED IN FOG.
DESTINY WILL SOON SHINE HER
LIGHT AND SHATTER THE FOG.
WHICH PATH WILL SHE REVEAL?
THE PATH WALKED BY WE
WITH RUNES IN OUR EYES?
OR THE PATH WALKED
BY THOSE
BEARING THE MARK
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
DO ME A FAVOR, HALLDOR.
LEAVE DESTINY OUTTA THIS.
NOW, IT'S JUST YOU AND ME AND
THE CARDS WE PLAY.
NOTHING ELSE MATTERS.
NOW
LET'S DO THIS.
BE CAREFUL OUT THERE.
IT'S ALL YOU,
HALLDOR.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
AAAHH!
CROW!
YOU WEREN'T KIDDING,
WERE YOU, JACK?
WHEN THOSE BIG GODS ATTACK,
THE DAMAGE IS PRETTY INTENSE.
WE'VE REACHED THE END
OF THE SEMIFINALS
IT ALL COMES DOWN TO WHAT
PROMISES TO BE
AN INCREDIBLE DUEL.
WHO WILL EMERGE
TRIUMPHANT-- YUSEI FUDO?
OR WILL IT BE HALLDOR?
IT'S TIME TO FIND OUT.
♪
THE FIRST MOVE'S MINE.
I SUMMON COSMIC
COMPASS IN DEFENSE MODE.
(EXPLOSION)
WHEN COSMIC COMPASS IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
FOR EVERY MONSTER YOU
HAVE ON YOUR FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON OUT
A COMPASS TOKEN.
SINCE YOU'VE GOT
THOR AND LOKI OUT,
I CAN SUMMON
TWO TOKENS.
NEXT UP, I'LL PLAY TWO FACEDOWN
CARDS AND END MY TURN.
(CROWD GASPS)
THREE
MONSTERS ALREADY?
MAN, YUSEI IS NOT
WASTING ANY TIME, IS HE?
IT WAS
A SMART OPEN.
HE'S GOT TO BUILD A GOOD DEFENSE
AGAINST THOSE GOD CARDS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
TEAM 5D's WAS ABLE
TO DRAG HALLDOR
OUT TO DUEL.
WE HAVE SERIOUSLY
UNDERESTIMATED THESE GUYS.
THAT'S TOTALLY
MY BAD.
I SHOULDA BEEN ABLE
TO TAKE CROW OUT.
I HAD HIM,
BUT I GOT COCKY.
NOT TRUE.
YOU NEVER HAD HIM.
THESE GUYS ARE GOOD,
BRODER,
BUT THEY'RE
NO MATCH FOR HALLDOR.
I MEAN, I'VE NEVER EVEN
SEEN ANYONE RATTLE THIS GUY.
HALLDOR IS
A TRUE GENIUS.
HE'S OPERATING ON A
WHOLE DIFFERENT LEVEL.
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
MAYBE, BUT FIRST
I REVEAL MY TRAP.
IT'S MONSTER CHAIN.
USING THIS CARD'S
POWER,
I CAN NEGATE
ONE BATTLE PHASE
FOR EVERY MONSTER
OUT ON MY FIELD.
SINCE I'VE GOT THREE
MONSTERS OUT,
WE CAN'T ATTACK
FOR THREE TURNS.
LOKI'S TRAP DESTRUCTION ABILITY
ACTIVATES WHEN HE ATTACKS.
THIS OUGHTA HOLD
HIM OFF FOR A WHILE.
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
THAT YOU CAN BIND THE GODS?
YOUR CHEAP PARLOR
TRICKS ARE MEANINGLESS!
UH-OH.
I SUMMON THE VALKYRIE OF THE
NORDIC ASCENDANT TUNER MONSTER
(SWORD CLASHING)
Ruel Runner Computer: VALKYRIE
OF THE NORDIC ASCENDANT IS A
LEVEL 2
LIGHT ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
WITH 400 ATTACK POINTS
AND 800 DEFENSE POINTS.
WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO WITH THAT?
MY VALKYRIE IS SIMPLY
A HERALD, YUSEI,
BECAUSE WHEN
SHE'S SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED
I CAN SEND TWO CARDS FROM MY
HAND TO MY GRAVEYARD IN ORDER
TO SUMMON TWO EINHERJAR
TOKENS IN DEFENSE MODE.
NO WAY. IT CAN'T BE.
IT CAN BE.
PREPARE TO BE IN THE
PRESENCE OF GREATNESS.
VALKYRIE, TUNE WITH BOTH OF
THE LEVEL 4 EINHERJAR TOKENS!
♪
DIVINITY RISES!
BEHOLD, THE RULER
OF ALL THINGS,
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE ULTIMATE NORDIC GOD.
ODIN,
FATHER OF THE AESIR.
(CROWD GASPS)
YOU'VE GOTTA BE JOKING.
(LAUGHING)
AMAZING. HE'S GOT
THREE GOD CARDS.
THIS WILL TAKE
EVERYTHING I'VE GOT.
(DISTORTED VOICE)